Concorde could carry 100 passengers and flew faster than the speed of sound.
Many people think Concorde was one of the greatest planes, but now Concorde is just part
of history.
For 27 years passengers travelled across the Atlantic Ocean on this plane.
Most of them were business people, film stars, rock stars and sports heroes.
Flying at more than twice the speed of sound Concorde took people from London or Paris to
New York in just over three hours.
The invention of Concorde was a huge step forward.
The plane was like a time machine.
If Concorde left London at 10.30am, it arrived in New York at about 8.30am, 1.30pm London
time, the same day.
However, the plane had many problems.
It was very noisy.
Some believed that its noise was bad for the environment, and that it could hurt people's
ears.
In a terrible accident in 2000 near Paris, 113 people died, and after that fewer people
wanted to fly on Concorde.
It became too expensive to continue the service.
At the end of October 2003, Concorde stopped flying.